docs: refactor resources, add gpu, kong (#5027)
jina-ai/jina: docs/fundamentals/jcloud/advanced.md

          type: efs
```

### GPU support

> We have GPU support in JCloud. We have `2` kind of GPU usages, `shared` or `dedicated`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have GPU support in JCloud. We have two kinds of GPU usages, `shared` and `dedicated`.
```

> ```{note}
> Due to enable GPU support may require to cluster to dynamically provision new GPU nodes. It may take extra 2-3 mins till all flows are running in the cluster.
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```{note}
When using GPU resources, it may take an extra 2-3 mins until all Flows are running in the cluster.
This is because enabling GPU support may require the cluster to dynamically provision new GPU nodes.
```
```

#### Shared GPU

> Shared GPU is to enable time-slicing feature, which is used to allow workloads that land on oversubscribed GPUs to interleave with one another. In that case, executor may share a GPU with others(10 executor at maximum).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An executor using a `shared` GPU shares this GPU with up to 10 other users.
This enables a time-slicing feature, which allows workloads that land on oversubscribed GPUs to interleave with one another.
```

> Shared GPU is to enable time-slicing feature, which is used to allow workloads that land on oversubscribed GPUs to interleave with one another. In that case, executor may share a GPU with others(10 executor at maximum).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An executor using a `shared` GPU shares this GPU with up to 10 other users.
This enables a time-slicing feature, which allows workloads that land on oversubscribed GPUs to interleave with one another.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable a shared GPU resource, specify it in your YAML configuration:
```

```yaml
jtype: Flow
protocol: http
executors:
- name: sb0
  uses: jinahub+docker://CustomExecutor
  jcloud:
      resources:
        gpu: shared
```

> ```{note}
> Please notice, nothing special is done to isolate workloads that are granted replicas from the same underlying GPU, and each workload has access to the GPU memory and runs in the same fault-domain as of all the others (meaning if one workload crashes, they all do).  
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```{caution}
There are no special previsions in place to isolate replicas that run on the same underlying GPU. Each workload has access to the GPU memory and runs in the same fault-domain as of all the others. Therefore, if one workload crashes, they all do.  
```
```

#### Dedicated GPU

> Dedicated GPU is a normal way to provision GPU to the executor, it will automatically create nodes or assign the executor landing on GPU nodes. In this case, executor own the whole GPU, minimum GPU core is `1`, `max`maximum is `4`.

Reviewer: It says 'GPU cores', is that correct? I imagine it is between 1 and 4 whole GPUs?
```suggestion
Using a dedicated GPU is a default way to provision GPU to the Executor. This will automatically create nodes or assign the Executor to land on a GPU node. In this case, executor owns the whole GPU. You can assign between 1 and 4 GPUs.
```

Author: yes, it's correct. dedicated GPU means you can have the whole GPU.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable a shared GPU resource, specify it in your YAML configuration:
```

```yaml
jtype: Flow
protocol: http
executors:
- name: sb0
  uses: jinahub+docker://CustomExecutor
  jcloud:
      resources:
        gpu: 2
```

### Gateway

> For the internet exposure, JCloud now provides support for [Kong gateway](https://konghq.com/products/api-gateway-platform). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For internet exposure, JCloud now provides support for [Kong gateway](https://konghq.com/products/api-gateway-platform). 
```

```{note}

> JCloud is a different concept from Jina gateway. In Jcloud, a gateway service is working as proxy to distribute internet traffics between flows through Jina gateway. JCloud gateway is to manage external https/grpcs /websockets protocol service to flows.

Reviewer: Should the first word of the last sentence be 'Jina' instead of 'JCloud'?
```suggestion
The JCloud gateway is a different concept from Jina gateway. In JCloud, a gateway service is working as a proxy to distribute internet traffic between Flows, each of which has a Jina gateway. Jina gateways are there to manage external https/grpcs/websockets protocol service to Flows.
```

```

We currently support two types of gateway for internet exposure: [Kong gateway](https://konghq.com/products/api-gateway-platform) and [Application Load Balancer (ALB)](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/elasticloadbalancing/latest/application/introduction.html).

#### ALB

At the current stage, ALB is the default gateway type due to backward compatibility. ALB has the features listed [here] (https://aws.amazon.com/elasticloadbalancing/application-load-balancer/).
For the purposes of Jina, the following features are most important:

- Use AWS signed public certs

#### Kong Gateway

Kong Gateway is the recommended gateway in JCloud.
Kong is currently working as ingress controller, and we will enable other [Kong features](https://docs.konghq.com/kubernetes-ingress-controller/latest/) in the future.
For the purposes of Jina, the following features are most important:

- Use Let's Encrypt signed wildcard certificates
- Use NGINX to distribute traffic as ingress controller

```{tip}

> Normally, user can retrieve the CA(certificate authority) from client end. The difference of cert CA usually will not affect the jina usage unless the CA is not in the trust list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Normally, user can retrieve the CA (certificate authority) from client end. The difference of cert CA usually will not affect the jina usage unless the CA is not in the trust list.
```

          type: efs
```

> ### gateway

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Gateway
```

> For the intenet exposure, jcloud now provide support for `kong` gateway. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the internet exposure, JCloud now provides support for [Kong gateway](https://konghq.com/products/api-gateway-platform). 
```

> We currently support 2 type of gateway. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We currently support 2 types of gateway. 
```

          type: efs
```

### Gateway

> For the internet exposure, JCloud now provides support for [Kong gateway](https://konghq.com/products/api-gateway-platform). 
> 
> We currently support 2 types of gateway.

Reviewer: I don't think we should say that we support something *now*, this documentation might remain untouched for a while, so I think it is better to use timeless phrasing: I suggest the following:
```suggestion
We currently support two types of gateway for internet exposure: [Kong gateway](https://konghq.com/products/api-gateway-platform) and [Application Load Balancer (ALB)](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/elasticloadbalancing/latest/application/introduction.html).
```

> #### `alb`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### ALB
```

> At current stage, `alb` is default gateway type due to backward compatibility. `alb` has below features, [docs] (https://aws.amazon.com/elasticloadbalancing/application-load-balancer/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the current stage, ALB is the default gateway type due to backward compatibility. ALB has the features listed [here] (https://aws.amazon.com/elasticloadbalancing/application-load-balancer/).
For the purposes of Jina, the following features are most important:
```

- Use AWS signed public certs

> ####  `Kong`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
####  Kong Gateway
```

> `Kong` gateway is current working as ingress controller. We haven't enable other features yet. [docs] (https://docs.konghq.com/kubernetes-ingress-controller/latest/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kong Gateway is the recommended gateway in JCloud.

Kong is currently working as ingress controller, and we will enable other [Kong features](https://docs.konghq.com/kubernetes-ingress-controller/latest/) in the future.

For the purposes of Jina, the following features are most important:
```

> - Use let's encrypt signed widecard certs
> - Use nginx to distribute traffic as ingress controller

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use Let's Encrypt signed wildcard certificates
- Use NGINX to distribute traffic as ingress controller
```

```{tip}

> Normally, user can retrieve the CA from client end. The difference of cert CA usually will not affect the jina usage unless the CA is not in the trust list.

Reviewer: What is `CA`? Usually we try to spell out acronyms at least once before we use them, so inexperienced users (like myself) know what's going on

```

> ```{admonition} Why we provide kong as new gateway? 
> Well, as we are using EKS as kubernetes cluster, `alb` can be used to provide simple loadbalance service to our executor. However, there are some drawbacks. 1). `alb` is not general kubernetes services, it provided by `AWS`, which means that we can't use it in other cloud provider.
> 2). `alb` is simple to configure and use, but it doesn't have features like horizontal scaling, route methods configure, etc.
> 3). `alb` is layer 7 loadbalancer and `kong` is using layer 4 loadbalancer and route traffic via Kong Ingress Controller. So, `kong` is able to support tcp/udp protocol and `alb` can only support grpc/https/http.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```{admonition} Why Kong? 
Since we are using EKS as JCloud's Kubernetes cluster, ALB can be used to provide a simple loadbalancing service to our executor. However, there are some drawbacks:

1). ALB is not a general Kubernetes services. Instead, it is provided by AWS, which means that we can't use it with other cloud provider.
2). ALB is simple to configure and use, but it doesn't have features like horizontal scaling, route methods configuration, etc.
3). ALB is layer 7 loadbalancer and Kong is using a layer 4 loadbalancer and route traffic via Kong Ingress Controller. Therefore, Kong is able to support tcp/udp protocols, whereas ALB can only support grpc/https/http.
```

> Jcloud is now in progress of migrating from `alb` to `kong`, we suggest user to use `kong` as gateway. However, `alb` is currently supported due to backward compatibility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
JCloud is currenlty in progress of migrating from ALB to Kong, and we recommend the usage of `kong` as gateway. However, `alb` is currently still supported for backward compatibility.
```

```

> 
> ```yaml
> jtype: Flow
> jcloud:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### Usage

To enable Kong Gateway instead of ALB, specify the gateway type as `kong` in you JCloud YAML:

```yaml
jtype: Flow
jcloud:
```
